[OFF-1281] Update readme and changelog about the exposing models feature (#12)
birdiecare/hatch: README.md

  needs: <any prerequisite earlier job>
  runs-on: ubuntu-latest
  steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2 # <-- this one is needed for hatch to access source code
    - name: Run Hatch action
      uses: birdiecare/hatch@v0.0.12 # <-- use current version
      with:
        path: <e.g. https://staging.myservice.com/docs.json>
        name: <Name of your service, e.g. my-service> # the generated client will automatically be called my-service-client
        token: <your GitHub Registry Token>
```

Running this Action will publish an NPM package called `my-service-client` as a package **inside the repository of the service running the Action**.

> ### Exposing swagger models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Exposing Swagger models
```

If you want to create a proxy endpoint in `core-api`, you would like to import the class decorated with `@nestjs/swagger` decorators to avoid re-declaring the swagger docs.

In that case, the `birdiecare/hatch` action can scan your `src` folder of the git repo in search of all the files matching the `*.public-models.ts` glob. Other files will be ignored, so make sure you put the swagger classes in that file.

Then in the `core-api` you can import the file from `package/models/filename` nested import, e.g.:
```ts
import { IdentifierMapping } from '@birdiecare/rostering-integrations-client/models/identifier-mapping.public-models';
```

> Be aware that the public models files shouldn't have any other imports than `@nestjs/swagger` and `class-validator` ones! Otherwise (especially in case of relative imports) it gonna fail to compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️  Beware that the public models files shouldn't have any other imports than `@nestjs/swagger` and `class-validator` ones! Otherwise (especially in case of relative imports) it gonna fail to compile.
```
